hi this is Allison Bourg
transformational life coach founder and
CEO of the purpose within I'm so excited
to share my personal testimony of what
happened when i attended speak and write
to make millions so I just started my
business and I spent all of my savings
on the how the website the business cars
of networking luncheons that produce no
business and I was a little lost and I
was wondering what am I going to do now
I attended speak and write with my last
hope ever been there before so I'm very
excited at what I created as a result of
attending and I've got to show you
here's the notebook it used to have a
picture of lisa on it but now it's got
all my personal notes and my
million-dollar idea is that now I truly
believe are true in the course we
learned how to take public relations and
actually make it real in our lives we
learn how to generate multiple revenue
streams I found I had a whole bunch of
projects but none of them created any
revenue so it wasn't really a good idea
right so I took what was in my heart and
my head space from that course and the
tools that I learned and leveraged it i
leveraged it to actually create a
contract with a local TV station so that
I was visible every single month which
gave me brand awareness and brand equity
I was very excited because i took my
income from a thousand dollars a month
to five thousand dollars a month and i
can't even imagine telling you i'm so
excited six months later I was able to
actually generate fifteen thousand
dollars a month with my company on a
consistent basis and in less than a year
I was actually
taking a salary that was unheard of as
an entrepreneur this course changed my
life it was not just about my heart
space but it was about my headspace my
little engine inside that was saying I
think I can I think I can went to saying
I know I can't i know i can because i
had the tools now to be successful this
course will change and transform your
life i'm excited to be a product a
speaking right to make millions